---
title: Convert GLTF to HTML via Python 
url: /python-net/conversion/gltf-to-html/ 
description: Sample code for GLTF to HTML Python conversion. Use API example code for batch GLTF files to HTML conversion within VB.NET, Asp.NET or any .NET based application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert GLTF to HTML via Python" h2="Render GLTF as HTML without any 3D modeling and rendering software." logoImageSrc="https://cms.admin.containerize.com/templates/aspose/img/products/3d/aspose_3d-for-net.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="HTML" pfName="" subTitlepfName="" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="GLTF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.3D " subTitlepfName="for Python via .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="/3d/aspose_3d-for-python-via-net.svg" apiHomeLink="" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-3d" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/3d/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/3d/python-net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/3d/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.3d" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/3d/python-net" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/3d/net" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert GLTF to HTML Using Python" %}}

 In order to convert GLTF to HTML, we’ll use
 [Aspose.3D for Python via .NET](https://products.aspose.com/3d/python-net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for Python. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.3d) 
 package manager, search for
 Aspose.3D 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command line" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

pip install aspose-3d

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert GLTF to HTML via Python" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Python programmers can easily load & convert GLTF files to HTML in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load GLTF file via the from_file of Scene class
1.  Create an instance of AmfSaveOptions
1.  Set HTML specific properties for advanced conversion
1.  Call the Scene.save method
1.  Pass the output path with HTML file extension & object of Html5SaveOptions
1.  Check resultant HTML file at specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Before running the Python conversion code, make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or Linux based OS.
-  Python 3.5 or later.
-  Aspose.3D for Python referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox-app url="https://products.aspose.app/3d/conversion/gltf-to-html/embed&h1&h2&python-net">}}
{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox-app >}}
 
<!-- aboutfile Starts -->


    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A 3D File Processing Library to manipulate 3D files without any modeling and rendering software. The 3D API supports Discreet3DS, WavefrontOBJ, FBX (ASCII, Binary), STL (ASCII, Binary), Universal3D, Collada, glTF, GLB, PLY, DirectX, Google Draco file formats and more. Developers can create, read, convert, modify and control the substance of 3D document formats easily.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="GLTF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/3d/gltf/" >}}
glTF (GL Transmission Format) is a 3D file format that stores 3D model information in JSON format. The use of JSON minimizes both the size of 3D assets and the runtime processing needed to unpack and use those assets. It was adopted for the efficient transmission and loading of 3D scenes and models by applications. glTF was developed by the Khronos Group 3D Formats Working Group and is also described as JPEG of 3D by its creators. The format defines an extensible, common publishing format for 3D content tools and services that streamlines authoring workflows and enables interoperable use of content across the industry. The intention behind the creation of glTF file format was to define an extensible, common publishing format for 3D content tools and services that should streamline authoring workflows and enable interoperable use of content across the industry. It minimizes runtime processing by applications using WebGL and other APIs.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="html" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/web/html/" >}}
HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is the extension for web pages created for display in browsers. Known as language of the web, HTML has evolved with requirements of new information requirements to be displayed as part of web pages. The latest variant is known as HTML 5 that gives a lot of flexibility for working with the language. HTML pages are either received from server, where these are hosted, or can be loaded from local system as well. Each HTML page is made up of HTML elements such as forms, text, images, animations, links, etc. These elements are represented by tags such as img, a, p and several others where each tag has start and end. It can also embed applications written in scripting languages such as JavaScript and Style Sheets (CSS) for overall layout representation.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}



<!-- aboutfile Ends -->



{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}
